# Ml dba role

## Table of Contents
 - [Overview](#overview)
 - [Quick Start](#quick-start)

## Overview
The following is a role that gives a user in a dba position read access to the admin-ui and execution access for a few tasks such as merging or restarting forests. It’s also important that a user with this role can access query console but is unable to see or interact with the data.

The role configuration is in “deploy/ml-config.xml” and the role-name is a parameter “dba-rolename” which can be found in “deploy/build.properties”. In the future if you want to copy it to an alternate project simply copy these 2 things.

The unit tests can be found in “src/test/suites/dba-test” they make use of a function in “src/test/util/utils.xqy” and some configuration in “src/test/text-config.xqy”.



## Quick Start
This section describes the quickest way to get started using Roxy.

### Assumptions
* You already have one or more MarkLogic Servers running somewhere that you can access from your computer. If not, get it [here](http://developer.marklogic.com/products).*
* You know the admin logon to your MarkLogic Server(s)


### Configure MarkLogic Server
*This step is only needed when database configurations have changed or on a fresh install. In most cases you will not need to restart your server.*

1. Open a command prompt in the root folder of Roxy.  
  *If your server is not configured as local-server in build.properties then substitute your environment here __( local | dev | prod )__*
2. `$ ml local bootstrap`
3. Depending on what changed you may need to restart MarkLogic in order to proceed. If you see output telling you to restart...  
  `$ ml local restart`

### Deploying Code/Tests
*This step describes how to deploy your Roxy application into your MarkLogic Server modules database. If you have elected to run your code locally out of the filesystem you do not need to do this.*

1. Open a command prompt in the root folder of Roxy
2. `$ ml local deploy modules`

### Running tests

1. Open a command prompt in the root folder of Roxy
2. `$ ml local test`